Implement Refactoring of Just Track- Moving away from Objective C Notation (#6)
danlages/JustTrack: README.md

```Swift
//Swift
let trackingService: EventTracking = configureJustTrack()
trackingService.trackEvent(EventUser(action: "UserLogIn", response: "success", extra: "Additional info"))
```

```Objective-C (Prior to 4.0)
//Objective-C
JETracking *trackingService =  [self configureJustTrack];
[trackingService trackEvent:[[JEEventUser alloc] initWithAction:@"UserLogIn" response:@"success" extra:@"Additional info"] ];
```

##### Hardcoded events

You can also create "hardcoded" events by implementing the Event protocol. However we do recommend that you use a `plist` file exclusively.

### Trackers

A Tracker is an object implementing the **Tracker** protocol and is loaded using: ```tracker.loadCustomTracker( ... )``` function. You can implement any tracker you want and **JustTrack** provides a few default trackers:

* [x] TrackerConsole - print events to the system's console
* [ ] FacebookTraker (not yet implemented)
* [ ] ~~GoogleAnalyticsTraker~~ (not yet implemented, Google's pods can't be used as a dependency in a pod)
* [ ] ~~TrakerFirebase~~ (not yet implemented, Google's pods can't be used as a dependency in a pod)

## Upgrading to v4.0

> In version 4.0 Just Track has been refactoried to bring it up to date with current Swift standards. As such, Just Track no longer supports Objective C implementations. Please consider updating any applications that consume this feature.  As a result, the way events are named and must be called has been adjusted substatially. Please consider the following point when upgrading

Reviewer: refactoried -> refactored

Reviewer: Objective C -> Objective-C

### Adopting Swift 

> This update to Just Track removes Objective C attributes and prefixes, modernising the implmenetation in line with Swift standards whilst also removing the Objective C Interopilbility. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This update to Just Track removes Objective C attributes and prefixes, modernising the implementation in line with Swift standards whilst also removing the Objective C interoperability. 
```

Author: thanks man

> This update to Just Track removes Objective C attributes and prefixes, modernising the implmenetation in line with Swift standards whilst also removing the Objective C Interopilbility. 

Reviewer: Objective C -> Objective-C (twice)

Reviewer: implmenetation -> implementation

Reviewer: Interopilbility -> interoperability

Author: Thanks!

For example, a generated event class previously defined as:

```
JEEventUser
```

will now adopt the naming scheme:

```
EventUser
```

> The effects of this change on your pre-defined events can be determined within the generated TrackingEvents.Swift file. 

Reviewer: .Swift -> .swift
